                GOVERNMENT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
                        CONTRACT APPEALS BOARD



PROTEST OF:

        C.P.F. CORPORATION
                                                      CAB No. P-413
        Under Invitation No. 4110-AA-03-1-DW


                    REPORT ON TELEPHONE CONFERENCES

     This summarizes two telephone conferences the Board held on
November 18 and November 22, 1994, with Gerald T. Nielsen, Esquire,
representing protester CPF, and Nancy K. Hapeman and Edward J.
Rich, Assistants Corporation Counsel, representing the District of
Columbia.

     On November 18, the Board advised the parties that it had made
a decision to grant the protest on the ground that the contracting
officer's responsibility determination with regard to Jones
Construction and Maintenance Co. could not be sustained. The Board
directed the District to cancel the resolicitation, and make award
under the original solicitation.   CPF asked what would happen to
the 120-day contract which DAS awarded on September 22, 1994 (with
an expiration date of January 19, 1995) pursuant to the emergency
solicitation. The Board asked the District to consider the issue
and present its position during the November 22 telephone
conference.

     On November 22, the District stated that it should be allowed
to continue with the 120-day contract to its expiration on January
19, 1995, which would be followed by a full-year contract awarded
under the original solicitation, with the two option years
available to be exercised by the District. CPF stated that it had
no objection to commencing performance after the expiration of the
120-day contract. The Board agreed that the proposed disposition
was appropriate .

     Finally, the District advised that bid opening for the
resolicitation has been postponed until December 6 so that a D&F
may be prepared for cancelling the resolicitation.




DATE:    November 22, 1994
                            -   2 -

Copies to:   Nancy K. Hapeman, Esquire
             Edward J. Rich, Esquire
             Assistants Corporation Counsel, D.C.
             441 4th street, N.W., suite 1060
             Washington, D.C. 20001

             Gerald T. Nielsen, Esquire
             Morgan, Lewis & Bockius
             1800 M street, N.W.
             Washington, D.C. 20036
